docs(prism-agent): ADR - use Error handling report problem (#847)
hyperledger-labs/open-enterprise-agent: docs/decisions/20240115-Error-handling-report-problem-agent.md

Reviewer: I read the spec, and the `report-problem` protocol has a lot of options and variations to support.
I propose documenting all cases and error types (descriptors) our Mediator/Agent will support in the particular flows. Otherwise, tracking will be hard to track and might become a mess.
It also looks like we don't have any other options (which is obvious), so this ADR looks like the argumentation and clarification of why exactly we need to implement the `report-problem` protocol.
I would consider to reject it as `obvious.` 
Or, at least, clarify which subset of capabilities we plan to implement in the first iteration and why. For instance:
- are we going to use `ack` in the problem report (probably not, as it's going to complicate the flows; probably, yes)
- set of the problem codes `descriptors` (or the document that should describe all supported codes of the platform)
- are we going to implement [replying to warning](https://identity.foundation/didcomm-messaging/spec/#replying-to-warnings) feature or not in the first iteration
- how are we dealing with [cascading problems](https://identity.foundation/didcomm-messaging/spec/#cascading-problems), retries, and timeouts?
- ...probably, other aspects.
Having these answers/decisions will help us prioritize and implement the `report-problem` protocol in an iterative and extensible way.

Author: Yes, there is no option for reporting problems, So if we don't need the section Why we are implementation we could remove the section. Context in necessary IMO.

Author: [replying-to-warnings)
[cascading problems] will be out of scope , I have not finished yet

# Error Handling Report Problem for Agent

- Status: draft
- Deciders: Shailesh Patil, Fabio Pinheiro, Yurii Shynbuiev, Benjamin Voiturier, David Poltorak
- Date: 2024-01-16
- Tags: report, problem, error, handling, agent

Technical Story: [Error Handling Report Problem for Agent]

## Context and Problem Statement

In decentralized systems like those with remote collaborating agents, effectively reporting errors and warnings is a complex task. 
It's crucial to not only highlight problems but also provide the necessary context to those who need this information, 
which might include different groups: those who should be informed and those who can actually resolve the issues. 

It is more challenging when a problem is identified significantly later or in a different location from where it originated, 
involving collaboration among various parties for a solution.
For DIDComm, the aspect of interoperability is especially critical in the context of problem reporting. 
In DIDComm, an agent developed by one team is required to be adept at interpreting errors reported by an agent from a completely different team,
presenting a unique challenge in this area.

> In Agent Currently  we have 3 flows Connection Issuance and Verification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of the time of writing, the cloud agent supports 3 DIDComm flows: `Connection`, `Issuance` and `Verification.`
```

> Communication between 2 agents Agent A <-> Agent B happens in the background job in async

Reviewer 2: Can you speak more to the point about background jobs? As I know the architecture, it's clear what this means - but - for someone new - this may give them the wrong idea.

Something like - `DIDComm protocols and the tranistions between states in the flow sequence are processed asyncrhonously by recurring jobs that....`

Error occurred in the background job over didcomm Agent A is logged in Agent A logs
But the Agent B is not aware of anything 

## Decision Drivers <!-- optional -->

What are our needs? Let’s try to sum up the required capabilities based on 
[Report Problem 2.0](https://identity.foundation/didcomm-messaging/spec/#problem-reports), we need:

> * Find out all the possible scenarios on various levels for the 3 flows Connection Issuance and Verification

Reviewer 2: Can you refine this? Seems like this may have been a comment to populate more text but it isn't done?

| Issuance              | https://github.com/decentralized-identity/waci-didcomm/tree/main/issue_credential                  |
| Verification(Present proof) | https://github.com/decentralized-identity/waci-didcomm/blob/main/present_proof/present-proof-v3.md |

  Custom Behavior table
  This table defines the expected behavior of the Agent in different scenarios not covered by the specifications.

 | Agent            | Behaviour                      | Comments            |
 |------------------|--------------------------------|---------------------|
 | Scenario G1	     | Send a problem report          | e.p.msg.unsupported |
 | Scenario G2      | Send a problem report          | e.p.msg.unsupported | 
 | Scenario G3      | Send a problem report          | e.p.error           | 
 | Scenario G4      | (Sync ?) Send a problem report | e.p.trust.crypto    | 
 | Scenario G5      | (Sync ?) Send a problem report | e.p.did             | 
 | Scenario G6      | (Sync ?) Send a problem report | e.p.did.malformed   | 
 | Scenario G7      | Send a problem report          | e.p.msg.<PIURI>     | 

### Scenarios Description

> #### General Scenarios:

Reviewer 2: If you read this in the markdown viewer, it isn't that clear from the bold text alone that the first line is the input/trigger and the line after is the outcome/effect - I had to think very hard about it :-)

 - G5 - (sync?) e.p.did

- **G6** - If the DID method is malformed.
 - G6 - (sync?) e.p.did.malformed

- **G7** - When a parsing error from the decrypted message.
 - G7 - Send a problem report `e.p.msg.<PIURI>` if the plaintext message is malformed or if parsing into a specific protocol's data model fails.

##  Connection Flow Scenarios
https://github.com/hyperledger/aries-rfcs/tree/main/features/0160-connection-protocol              

| Agent             | Behaviour                                           | Action                       |
|-------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|------------------------------|
| Scenario C1	      | Send a problem report (Invitation expired)          | e.p.msg.invitation-expired   |
| Scenario C2       | Send a problem report (Invitation parsing decoding) | e.p.msg.malformed-invitation |
| Scenario C3       | Send a problem report (DB connection issues)        | e.p.me.res.storage           |
| Scenario C4       | Send a problem report (After max retries)           | e.p.req.max-retries-exceeded |
| Scenario C5 (G3)  | Send a problem report Any other error               | e.p.error                    |

> - **C1** - OOB Invitation has expired

Reviewer 2: These scenario definitions don't match the format of the previous general scenarios - could we have one way of showing these that makes it easier for someone new to the project to reason about them?

 |------------------|--------------------------------|-----------------------|
 | Scenario G1	     | Send a problem report          | e.p.msg.unsupported   |
 | Scenario G2      | Send a problem report          | e.p.msg.unsupported   | 
 | Scenario G3      | Send a problem report          | e.p.error             | 
 | Scenario G4      | (Sync ?) Send a problem report | e.p.crypto            | 
 | Scenario G5      | (Sync ?) Send a problem report | e.p.did               | 
 | Scenario G6      | (Sync ?) Send a problem report | e.p.did.malformed     | 
 | Scenario G7      | Send a problem report          | e.p.msg.<PIURI>       | 

### Scenarios Description

#### General Scenarios:

- **G1** - Receive a message for an unsupported protocol
 - G1 - Send a problem report `e.p.msg.unsupported`

- **G2** - Receive a message for an unsupported version of the protocol.
 - G2 - Send a problem report `e.p.msg.unsupported` and say what version(s) its supported

- **G3** - When an internal error or any unexpected error happens.
 - G3 - Send a problem report "e.p.error"

- **G4** - If the message is tampered or got any crypto errors when decoding.

>  - G4 -  (sync!) Send a problem report "e.p.crypto"

Reviewer: Probably, there should be another descriptor (according to the [descriptors](https://identity.foundation/didcomm-messaging/spec/#descriptors), for instance: "e.p.trust.crypto" or "e.m.trust.crypto".
